12/07
Virginia O'Hanlon Douglas was the eight-year-old girl who, in 1897, asked the staff of The New York Sun whether Santa Claus existed. In the now-famous editorial, Francis Church assured Virginia that yes, indeed, "there is a Santa Claus." The first dictionary of American English was published on April 14th, 1828, by - who else? - Noah Webster. No automobile made after 1924 should be designated as antique.
When Thomas Jefferson became U.S. President in 1801, 20 percent of all people in the young nation were slaves. Early Egyptians wore sandals made from woven papyrus leaves. The Marquis de Lafayette, America's Revolutionary War ally, named his only son George Washington Lafayette. Karl Marx and Friedrich Engels, the fathers of communism, wrote 500 articles for the "New York Tribune" from 1851 to 1862.
Mailing an entire building has been illegal in the U.S. since 1916 when a man mailed a 40,000-ton brick house across Utah to avoid high freight rates. Snoring is prohibited in Massachusetts unless all bedroom windows are closed and securely locked. It is also illegal to go to bed without first having a full bath. Women in Florida may be fined for falling asleep under a hair dryer, as can the salon owner.
In 1878 Wanamaker's of Philadelphia was the first U.S. department store to install electric lighting. Playing cards were issued to British pilots in WWII. If captured, they could be soaked in water and unfolded to reveal a map for escape. The first telephone book ever issued contained only fifty names. It was published in New Haven, Connecticut, by the New Haven District Telephone Company in February, 1878.
Found on the instruction sheet of a Conair Pro Style 1600 hair dryer: "WARNING: Do not use in shower. Never use while sleeping." Found on Bat Man The Animated Series Armor Set Halloween costume box: "PARENT: Please exercise caution, mask and chest plate are not protective; cape does not enable wearer to fly." Found in a television set's owner's manual: "Do not pour liquids into your television set.би
It is impossible to lick your elbow. Intelligent people have more zinc and copper in their hair. Coca-Cola originally contained cocaine. TYPEWRITER is the longest word that can be made using the letters only on one row of the keyboard. There are two words in the English language that have all five vowels in order: "abstemious" and "facetious". There are more chickens than people in the world.
In parts of Alaska, it's illegal to feed alcohol to a moose. You're subject to fines and/or imprisonment for making "ugly faces" at dogs in Oklahoma. In Utah, birds have the right of way on all highways. Christmas was once illegal in England. In Turkey, in the sixteenth and seventeenth centuries, anyone caught drinking coffee was put to death. It is illegal to hunt camels in the state of Arizona.
Traffic engineering was not developed in London, New York or Paris, but rather in ancient Rome. The Romans, of course, were noted road builders. The Appian Way, for example, stretched 350 miles from the Eternal City to Brundisium. In Rome itself there were actually stop signs and even alternate-side-of-the-street parking. Until the 19th century, solid blocks of tea were used as money in Siberia.
American Airlines saved $40,000 in 1987 by eliminating one olive from each salad served in first-class. Sticking your two middle fingers up dates back from the middle ages. When archers were caught they had their two middle fingers cut off so that they couldn't shoot any more arrows. So when an archer was shooting people he would stick his fingers up to say "look I still have them, hahaha".
Traffic engineering was not developed in London, New York or Paris, but rather in ancient Rome. The Romans, of course, were noted road builders. The Appian Way, for example, stretched 350 miles from the Eternal City to Brundisium. In Rome itself there were actually stop signs and even alternate-side-of-the-street parking. Until the 19th century, solid blocks of tea were used as money in Siberia.
Marco Polo was born on the Croatian island of Korcula (pronounced Kor-Chu-La). Karl Marx was targeted for assassination when he met with two Prussian officers in his house in Cologne in 1848. Marx had friends among the German labor unions, and he was considered a threat to the autocrats. Dressed in his bathrobe, he forced the officers out at the point of a revolver, which, it turned out, was not loaded.
Every 5 seconds a computer gets infected with a virus. 13% of Americans actually believe that some parts of the moon are made of cheese. The world's youngest parents were 8 and 9 and lived in China in 1910. If you could count the number of times a cricket chirps in one minute, divide by 2, add 9 and divide by 2 again, you would have the correct temperature in Celsius degrees... How do they know that.
In parts of Alaska, it's illegal to feed alcohol to a moose. You're subject to fines and/or imprisonment for making "ugly faces" at dogs in Oklahoma. In Utah, birds have the right of way on all highways. Christmas was once illegal in England. In Turkey, in the sixteenth and seventeenth centuries, anyone caught drinking coffee was put to death. It is illegal to hunt camels in the state of Arizona.
Every 5 seconds a computer gets infected with a virus. 13% of Americans actually believe that some parts of the moon are made of cheese. The world's youngest parents were 8 and 9 and lived in China in 1910. If you could count the number of times a cricket chirps in one minute, divide by 2, add 9 and divide by 2 again, you would have the correct temperature in Celsius degrees... How do they know that?
John Hancock was the only one of fifty signers of the Declaration of Independence who actually signed it on July 4. The first United States coast to coast airplane flight occurred in 1911 and took 49 days. Escape maps, compasses, and files were inserted into Monopoly game boards and smuggled into POW camps inside Germany during W.W.II; real money for escapees was slipped into the packs of Monopoly money.
